ll be 2 switch inputs and a joystick input. On startup, pressing A or B will start the game and take the user to the team build menu. This begins the main loop of game play.  In the Team Building menu, the user will select three characters to use in their army. On the first press of A, the user will be given a preview of the character’s stats and weapon of choice. Pressing A again will add that unit to the army, or pressing B will go back to the list of characters. If this screen is accessed after fighting a map, the number of characters added to the army are equal to the number that died on the preceding map.  Once your army has three units, a map is loaded and the core gameplay begins. The joystick will be used to scroll over the map of size 8x7 and allow the user observe the 3-5 enemy units and plan a strategy. To select a unit, the user should put the cursor over a unit on the user’s team (the user’s team is indicated by a blue bar, the enemy team by red) and then push the A button. A blue ‘movement’ grid will appear indicating where that unit may go. While the move grid is showing, the user can move their unit to a new location. Once that unit is placed, the user will press the A button again to confirm the move or the B button if they change their mind and want to move another character. If the A button is pressed on a selected unit, that unit will then get the opportunity to attack any adjacent enemies, or confirm the move without making an attack. The user can press the B button to cancel this move and move somewhere else, or they can press the A to confirm the attack/move. Once the attack/move is confirmed, the unit has taken their turn and cannot go back. The user’s turn ends when all three units on their team have been moved. At this time, the enemy will take a turn.  All of the enemy units will move at once. Then, if they are able to make an attack, they will do so. These attacks will appear at the top of the screen so that the player can keep track of the enemy attacks. Press A or B to dismiss the message. Another message will indicate when all enemy units have moved, and the player turn will begin again.  If all enemy units fall to 0 HP and die, a “win” screen will be displayed, the user’s army will level up, and the user will start the next map.  If all of the user’s units fall to 0 HP and die, a “lose” screen will be displayed, and the user will have to restart the game from the first map.  Combat is calculated by the basic math of Damage = Attack - Defense. However, certain character matchups are better than others. There are two weapon triangles. If a weapon beats another, the winning weapon will take less damage (multiplier of 0.75) and do more damage (multiplier of 1.33). Additionally, losing weapons will take more damage and do less damage. All fights in which the defending unit is not killed will result in recoil damage on the attacker. Weapon Triangle A: Lance > Sword > Axe > Lance Weapon Triangle B: Armor > Staff > Tome > Armor
